docs: fix default and description for empty_seed_starts_cluster property (#1058)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/reference/node-properties.mdx

Controls how a new cluster is formed. This property must have the same value in all nodes in a cluster.

> If `true`, an empty [seed_servers](#seed_servers) list will denote that this node should form a cluster. At most one node in the cluster should be configured with an empty seed_servers list. If no such configured node exists, or if configured to `false`, all nodes denoted by the seed_servers list must be identical among those nodes' configurations, and those nodes will form the initial cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, an empty [seed_servers](#seed_servers) list will denote that this node should form a cluster. At most, one node in the cluster should be configured with an empty seed_servers list. If no such configured node exists, or if configured to be `false`, all nodes denoted by the seed_servers list must be identical among those nodes' configurations, and those nodes will form the initial cluster.
```

:::tip

> While it's set `true` by default for backward compatibility, empty_seed_starts_cluster is recommended to be set `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's set `true` by default for backward compatibility, Redpanda recommends that you set empty_seed_starts_cluster to `false`.
```

> While it's set `true` by default for backward compatibility, Redpanda recommends that you set empty_seed_starts_cluster to `false`.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: Should this the prop name have backticks?

```suggestion
While it's set `true` by default for backward compatibility, Redpanda recommends that you set `empty_seed_starts_cluster` to `false`.
```
